Dear Hiring Manager,

I am excited to apply for the Director of Engineering position at FriendFinder Networks. As a highly skilled engineer and proven leader with over 15 years of experience, I am confident that I possess the skills and experience required to exceed your expectations and drive innovation throughout your organization. 

Throughout my career, I have demonstrated expertise in leading the development of multiple software products and engineering teams throughout the entire engineering lifecycle from concept to delivery. My experience includes leading front-end, back-end and streaming video teams, which gives me a unique perspective in managing teams of engineers, both front and back end. 

I have a proven track record of translating business objectives into technical requirements and have extensive experience developing strategic technical roadmaps in coordination with cross-organizational teams. My expertise includes working with product and project managers to ensure products are delivered at the highest level of quality, on time and within budget.

I have experience working within a variety of architectural systems, including SOA and microservice architectures, containers, Kubernetes, and deployment configurations. This experience has enabled me to contribute to system design and data storage. Coupled with my experience in leading and delivering executive reporting across systems and initiatives, I am confident in my ability to handle complex, cross-discipline projects.

As a leader, I have demonstrated expertise in leading and growing dynamic engineering teams, empowering them to deliver their best work on time and within budget. My experience includes leading teams of engineering team leaders under my purview, cultivating data-driven, innovative processes, and methodologies to improve team morale productivity and boost engagement. 

Furthermore, my proven ability to work effectively in a remote, collaborative, and globally distributed team environment, coupled with my robust verbal and written communication skills, allows me to work effectively with all stakeholders, including technical and non-technical audiences.

I am excited about the opportunity to contribute to FriendFinder Networks by driving innovation, positive cultural change, and developing cutting-edge live-streaming, and online dating platforms. Thank you for considering my application.

Sincerely,

William W. Collins, Jr.
